Bingo.
Fucking hell.
[Screeches]
Oh. God.
Keep your shit together...
if you wanna get 'em out of here.
I can pop these. no problem!
So get to it!
Security. we have a break-in.
Get to sector—
I know who you are.
I know what you
think you're doing—
If you don't wanna get hurt...
keep your mouth shut...
and don't move a fuckin'' muscle.
The chimps are infected!
They're highly contagious.
They've been given an inhibitor.
Infected with what?
In order to cure.
you must first understand.
Infected with what?!
Rage.
What the fuck he's talking about?!
We don't have time for this!
Get the cages open!
No! No! No!
Listen. you sick bastard.
We're going. and we're taking...
your torture victims with us.
Woman: We're gonna
get you out of here.
Listen. the animals are contagious.
The infection is
in their blood and saliva.
One bite—Stop!
Stop!
You've no idea—
Aah!
Researcher: No!
Get it off!
Oh. God! Help me!
[All Shouting.
Monkeys Screeching]
Get it off!
"M burning!
What the fuck is
the matter with her?!
We have to kill her!
Aah! Oh. my God!
Aah!
What's the matter with her?!
We have to kill her now!
Researcher: Oh. God.
Aah.
Hello?
[Coughs]
Hello?!
[Belches]
[Car Alarm Blaring]
Hello?
[Pounding On Door]
[Pounding Grows Louder]
[Man Choking]
Father?
Father. are you okay?
Oh. I shouldn't have done that.
I shouldn't have done that.
Shit!
- Over here!
- Move it!
Over here!
Come on!
Burn!
Go! Go! Go!
Keep going!
What the fuck is going on?
Just shut up!
Who are those people?
Wha-hoo!
Let's go. Let's go!
Please tell me what
the fuck is going on.
Just move!
Come on!
A man walks into
a bar with a giraffe.
They each get pissed.
The giraffe falls over.
The man goes to leave.
The barman says. “Oi...
you can't leave that lyin' there.”
He says. “No. it's not a lion.
It's a giraffe.”
[Sighs]
He's completely humorless.
You two should get on
like a house on fire.
So. who are you?
Well. you're from a hospital. yeah?
You’re a doctor.
He's not a doctor.
He's a patient.
Look. I'm a bicycle courier.
[Chuckles]
I was riding a package
from. uh. Farringdon...
to Shaftesbury Avenue
when a car cut across me.
And then I wake up
today in hospital.
I wake up. and I'm—
I"m hallucinating. or I'm—
What's your name?
Jim.
'm Mark.
This is Selena.
Okay. Jim...
I've got some bad news.
It started as rioting...
and right from the beginning...
you knew this was different...
because it was happening...
in small villages. market towns.
And then it wasn't
on the TV anymore.
It was in the street outside...
it was coming through your windows.
It was a virus. an infection.
You didn't need a doctor
to tell you that.
It was the blood.
Or something in the blood.
By the time they tried
to evacuate the cities...
it was already too late.
The infection was everywhere.
The army blockades were overrun.
And that's when the exodus started.
The day before the TV...
and radio stopped broadcasting...
there were reports of infection...
in Paris and New York.
You didn't hear
anything more after that.
What about the government?
What are they doing?
There's no government.
Of course there's a government.
There's always a government.
They're in a bunker or a plane.
No. there's no government...
no police...
no army...
no TV. no radio. no electricity.
You're the first
uninfected person...
we've seen in 6 days.
Where's your family?
They're dead. like Selena's...
yours will be dead. too.
No.
Look. I have to find them.
They live in Deptford.
I can walk it. okay?
What. you'll go and come back. yeah?
Get the fucking—Fuck!
-You won't!
- Yes!
No one ever comes back.
So. lesson one;
You never go anywhere alone...
unless you've got no choice.
And lesson 2: Only
travel during daylight...
unless you've got no choice.
We'll take you tomorrow.
We'll all go and find
your dead parents together. okay?
Eat.
♪♪ [Woman Singing Hymn]
Mark: If you want to slow down...
you'll have to say.
♪♪ [Continues]
Selena: If there's
anyone in there who is—
Jim: I understand.
Anyone.
I understand.
Mark: Okay.
♪♪ [Continues]
Jim.
Wait. Jim.
♪♪ [Continues]
♪♪ [Stops]
♪♪ [Resumes]
♪♪ [Continues]
♪♪ [Ends]
They died peacefully.
You should be grateful.
'M not grateful.
Mark: My. um...
parents and my sisters...
we went to Paddington Station...
hoping maybe we
could get on a plane...
maybe we could buy
our way onto a plane.
I remember my dad
had all this cash...
even though cash
was completely useless.
About 20.000 other people...
had the same idea.
The crowd was surging.
I lost my grip on my sister's hand.
I remember the ground was soft.
I looked down. and I was standing...
on all these people.
like a carpet...
people who had fallen.
And somewhere in the crowd...
there were infected.
It spread fast.
No one could run.
All you could do was climb...
climb over more people.
So I did that...
I climbed. and I got up
on top of this kiosk.
Looking down. you couldn't tell...
which faces were infected...
and which weren't.
Then I saw my dad...
not my mum or my sister. my dad.
His face.
Selena's right.
You should be grateful.
We don't have time...
to get back to the shop before dark.
We should stay here tonight.
My room is up at the top.
You two can have that.
I'll stay here.
No. we'll all sleep
in the same room.
It's safer.
[Tape Playing Low]
Tape: It was recorded...
at the Buxton Summer
Music Festival last July...
and it's presented
by Petrov Trelawny.
Jim.
Ah. you're back.
Yeah.
How was it?
Fine.
Give me a drink of that. will you?
It’s empty.
Ah.
Here.
Right.
Father: I'll start
working on them. then.
Mark: Fight! Fight!
Selena!
Selena: It's clear.
That's Mr. Bridges.
Were you bitten?
That's his daughter.
They live 4 doors down.
Were you bitten?
No.
Did any of the blood
get in your mouth?
No.
Mark?
Wait.
Get that cleaned off.
Do you have any clothes here?
Um.
—yes.
Then get them and get dressed.
We have to leave now.
More infected will be coming.
They always do.
Jim: How did you know?
I mean. how did you know
he was infected?
Selena: The blood.
Yeah. but there
was blood everywhere.
It was on me.
It was on you.
I didn't know he was infected. okay?
He knew.
I could see it in his face.
Look. if someone gets infected...
you've got between
10 and 20 seconds to kill them.
It might be your brother
or your sister...
or your oldest friend.
It makes no difference.
And just so you know
where you stand...
if it happens to you.
I'll do it in a heartbeat.
He was full of plans.
Have you got any plans. Jim?
Do you want us to find
a cure and save the world...
or just fall in love and fuck?
Plans are pointless.
[Sniffs]
Staying alive's as good as it gets.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
what’s that?
Selena: Let's go.
What is it about tower blocks...
and shopping trolleys. huh?
Stop talking.
It's a long way up.
Selena: Do you need a break?
No.
-You?
- No.
Now I do need a break...
by the way.
What's up?
Nothin'.
[Sighs]
Got a headache.
Bad?
Yeah. it’s pretty bad.
Well. why didn't you
say something before?
Well. because I didn't think
you'd give a shit.
You've got no fat on you...
and all you've
had to eat is sugar...
so you're crashing.
Unfortunately. there isn't a lot...
we can do about that...
except pump you
full of painkillers...
and give you more sugar.
As for sugar. Pepsi or Lilt?
Do you have any Tango?
Actually. I did have
a can of Tango somewhere.
[Screeching]
Quiet! That's an infected.
[Snarling]
Oh. no. They're in. Move!
Jim: Wait. Selena!
Wait for me. please!
Wait. Selena!
Please wait for me!
- Selena!
- Come on!
- Wait!
- Run!
Wait. for fuck's sake!
Selena!
Aah!
Down the corridor. flat 157!
Move!
Jim: Thank you!
Thank you!
Open the door!
Open up!
Where's Dad?
What?!
Open the fucking door!
Where's Dad?!
Fucking open the door!
Hannah. let them inside.
Go In.
[Music Box Playing Christmas Song]
So. I'm Frank. anyway.
Jim.
Selena.
Selena. good to meet you.
This is my daughter Hannah.
Come on. sweetheart.
Say hello.
Come on.
So—
This is great.
It's just great.
Calls for a celebration. I'd say.
Why don't you all sit down...
and. uh. Hannah. what
have we got to offer?
We've got Mum's créme de men the.
Great.
Her créme de men the.
Aye.
Look. sit. please.
Get comfortable.
Frank: Where are
the bloody glasses?!
Middle cupboard.
No. the good ones.
It's a celebration.
Top cupboard.
So...50. this is your place?
It's nice.
Yeah.
Now...
I know it isn't much.
but. well. cheers.
Cheers.
[Music Box Stops Playing]
[Groans]
You okay in there. Jim?
Yeah.
Sorry we couldn't spare the water.
Same with the toilet.
The. um. flush doesn't work.
Afraid you'll have
to use the bucket.
Have to empty it
each morning. you know.
Just chuck it over the balcony.
No mod cons here.
Yeah. It's fine.
Yeah. all right. listen...
it's late.
I"m gonna turn in.
We have a spare room...
in there.
Are you and Selena—
Oh. no. No. no. no.
Um. no. I'll take
the living room. It's fine.
Right.
Oh. no. I mean. yeah.
Yeah. so. um. all right.
Okay. good night. then. anyway.
Yeah. good night. Frank.
[Door Opens]
Very spruce.
Yeah...
very shredded.
Yeah.
So what do you make of them?
Well. they're desperate.
Probably need us
more than we need them.
I think they're good people.
Good people?
Yeah.
Well. that's nice...
but you should be more concerned...
about whether
they're gonna slow you down.
Right. because if
they slowed you down—
I'd leave them behind.
- In a heartbeat.
- Yeah.
I wouldn't.
Then you're gonna wind up
getting yourself killed.
'M gonna get some sleep.
Selena...
you think I don't get it...
but. um. I do get it.
And I know I'd be dead already...
if I hadn't met you.
Sure.
No. look...
I mean thank you.
And I mean sure.
Good night. Jim.
Good night.
Frank: We lost water pressure
3 weeks ago.
For a while.
I thought we'd be okay...
with the water in the other flats...
cisterns. and tanks...
but it vanishes so quick.
you wouldn't believe.
You drink it.
It evaporates...
turns stagnant.
They're all empty.
Hasn't rained in 10 days.
You can set up a plastic sheet...
to catch dew and condensation...
trap it somehow.
I saw it on TV once.
but I can't make it work.
You'd never think it...
needing rain so badly.
Not in fucking England.
Jim. we're not gonna
be able to stay here.
[Radio Chatters]
Selena: There haven't been
any broadcasts for weeks.
Just listen.
Man On Radio: ...Salvation is here.
The answer to infection is here.
If you can hear this.
you're not alone.
There are others like you.
There are fighters. other survivors.
We are soldiers. and we are armed.
Selena: Oh. my God. Soldiers.
Quiet. There's more.
Man On Radio: Our location
is the 42nd Blockade...
the M602. 27 miles
northeast of Manchester.
You must find us.
Salvation is—
Then it just repeats.
What. so it's a recording?
Yeah. it's a recording...
but this is where
it's telling us to go.
Just there.
The way things are...
we might need
2. 3 days to get up there.
Um [
. “'we”?
Sound carries in this flat.
You know. Jerry-built. I suppose.
Me and Hannah do need you...
more than you need us.
Look. I didn't—
That's okay.
It's the truth.
I can't leave the block...
if it's just the two of us.
Something might happen to me.
Hannah'd be alone.
I couldn't risk it...
but with other people—
If it's a recording.
for all we know...
the soldiers who made it are dead.
It's possible. yeah.
And that stuff
about the answer to infection...
I mean. there ls no answer
to infection.
It's already done pretty much
all the damage it can.
Maybe they have a cure.
Maybe they've got nothing at all.
Well. the only way to
find out is to reach them!
We could die trying. Frank!
Or die here...
and anyway. it isn't
true what Dad said.
You need us just the
same as we need you.
We need each other...
and we'll never be
safe in the cities.
The soldiers could keep us safe.
So we have to try and get there.
Get there how?
Just so you know...
I don't take checks or credit cards.
[Chuckles]
Frank: What do you think?
Well. it's the most direct route...
to the other side of the river.
No. no. no. then we should take...
the indirect route...
the one that's in broad daylight...
and that's not underground.
Frank: Let's just get it done.
Jim: No. no.
No. see. this is a really shit idea.
You know why?
Because it's really
obviously a shit idea.
So. we're just gonna
drive into a tunnel...
full of fuckin' smashed
cars and broken glass.
It's just really fucking
obviously a shit idea!
Hold on!
Hannah: Dad!
- Aah!
- Whoa!
[All Laugh]
Fuck!
World's worst place
to get a flat. huh?
Agreed.
I think we better do this quick.
Frank: I've got the wheel.
You’re on the jack.
[Scuttling]
Hey. did you hear that?
Hey. hey.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
Hannah: Right. I've done it.
Dad?
[Scuttling]
Jim: Jesus Christ!
Oh. no!
Fucking rats!
Aah!
Frank: Come on. Hannah. out! Out!
They're running from the infected.
Move it!
Frank: Forget the jack. Hannah!
Selena: Don't look at them!
Frank: There's no time!
Forget the jack!
Just lift. everyone!
Grab hold!
[Infected
Screeching]
Lift!
Lift! Lift!
Selena: Don't look at them!
Don't look at them!
Jim: I can see them!
They're coming! Aah!
[Screeching]
Selena; Come on. Hannah!
Put it on!
Hannah: Almost!
Jim: Get the tire on. Hannah!
- All right!
- Get it on. Hannah!
Hannah: 3...2...1.
Drop it!
Jim: Inside. everyone!
Inside!
Selena; Get in the cab!
Get in the cab!
Jim: Get in the fucking cab!
Selena: Frank. drive!
Hannah: Aah!
Jim: Whoo!
Jim: Bye-bye. you fuckers! Whoo!
Selena: Hey. Frank.
Frank. stop the cab.
Let's shop.
Rt!
[Laughs]
You...
Jim: Has anybody seen any buns?
Mmm. Irradiated.
And don't take anything
that needs to be cooked. okay?
I think you can eat that raw.
Decaffeinated coffee.
Frank: Put that back.
Can't just take any crap.
If I never see
another chocolate bar again...
it will be too soon.
[Gasps]
Not counting Terry's
chocolate orange. of course!
There.
Now. single malt. 16-year-old.
Dark. full-flavor.
Warm. but not aggressive.
Peaty aftertaste.
Yeah.
Takes out the fire.
but leaves in the warmth.
[Women Laugh]
Ha ha ha.
[All Laugh]
[Engine Stops]
Either we do this now.
or we're walking.
Frank: Not you.
Stay close. Jim.
What?
You heard me.
Where are you going?
We've got enough food. Jim.
We don't have any cheeseburgers.
Like going on holidays
with your fuckin' aunt.
Oh. Jesus.
Hello?
I hate you!
Find anything?
Find anything. Jim?
No. Let's get out of here.
Okay. we're done here.
Okay. Hannah!
[Engine Starts]
Steady. Easy. Brake.
Brake! Brake!
Out.
Selena: Mmm!
Oh. my God!
I can. like. taste the vitamin “C.”
[Muffled]
Okay. the raisins are still moist.
What did you say?
[Muffled]
The raisins. yeah?
They're still moist.
[All Giggle]
Look over here.
[Horse Neighs]
Like a family.
Hannah: Do you think
they're infected?
Frank: No.
They're doing just fine.
Come on. Let's eat!
[Horse Neighs]
Jim: Do you know
what I was thinking?
Selena: You were thinking
that you'll never hear...
another piece of
original music ever again.
You'll never read a book...
that hasn't already been written...
or see a film that hasn't
already been shot.
Um. that's what you were thinking.
No.
I was thinking I was wrong.
About what?
All the death...
all the shit.
It doesn't really mean anything...
to Frank and Hannah.
because—
Well. she's got a dad...
and he's got
his daughter. so—
Cheeky monkey.
I was wrong when I said...
that staying alive
is as good as it gets.
You see. that's what I was thinking.
Was it?
MmMmm.
You stole my thought.
Sorry.
That's okay.
You keep it.
Frank: It's getting late.
Think we better stay here
for the night.
Can't sleep.
Me neither.
Jim: Doesn't feel safe. does it?
Outside like this.
I think we're safe enough.
Selena didn't seem
to have any trouble.
Yeah. I noticed that.
Hey. Selena.
What? What is it?
How did you get to sleep?
Oh.
Frank: Bloody hell.
You must have needed...
a hell of a prescription
for that lot.
I didn't need a prescription.
I qualified as a chemist.
[Pills Rattle In Bottle]
Jim: Oh. great. Valium.
[Chuckles]
Not only will we be able
to get to sleep...
but if we're attacked
in the middle of the night...
we won't even care.
- [Rattles Pill Bottle]
- 2 each.
No. not for me. thanks.
Hannah: Can I. Dad?
Frank: I don't think so. sweetheart.
Please?
No.
I can't sleep.
Jim: Come on. Frank.
Let her live a little.
Give her half of one.
Jim: All right.
We're on.
[Hannah Chuckles]
Hannah: Night-night.
Jim: You're a big softie. Frank.
[Sighs]
Frank?
Hannah?
[Sheep Bleat]
Hello?
[Mumbles]
Frank: Shh.
You're having a bad dream.
that's all.
Thanks. Dad.
[Birds Chirping]
[Car Horn Honks]
[Breathes Heavily]
Come on. sleepyhead.
Come on. Babe Ruth.
Frank: Hurry up.
Jim: Oh. no.
Did I miss breakfast?
Selena: You'll sleep
through anything. you.
Jim: Did you have a fry-up?
Frank: Maybe stop
at a pub along the way?
Door.
Man On Radio: ..We can feed you
and we can protect you.
Our location is the 42nd Blockade...
the M602. 27 miles northeast
of Manchester.
You must find us. please.
Salvation is here.
The answer to infection is here.
[Wind Whistles]
- Sure?
-Yo.
Must be Manchester.
The whole of Manchester.
The whole city.
No fire crews to put it out.
[Distant Explosion]
[Car Approaches Slowly]
42nd Blockade.
This is it.
[Shuts Off Engine]
[Fire Crackles]
I don't understand. Dad.
Did they leave?
I don't like this.
I think we should go.
No!
Vehicles.
We should check the vehicles.
There has to be something.
Nothing.
Can't believe it.
Selena: Frank.
Frank.
We have to go?
Yeah.
Go fucking where?!
[Footsteps]
[Cawing]
Get out of it.
[Crow Cawing]
[Gate Rattles]
[Gasps]
Dad. are you all right?
Yeah. I'm fine. sweetheart.
[Breathes Rapidly]
Sorry I lost my temper.
Hannah.
I love you very much.
[Chuckles] What?
Keep away from me.
Stay where you are.
- Ow.
- Dad?
- Keep away from me!
Keep away from me!
- Dad!
- Keep away from me!
Keep away!
[Frank Screams]
Hannah: What's wrong?
Dad!
[Screams]
Jim!
Jim. he's infected!
Hannah: No! No!
Selena: Jim!
Jim. kill him!
- Dad!
- Kill him!
Kill him!
[Gunshots]
Stay away from him!
Keep away from the body!
Dad?
Soldier: 3 survivors—
one male. 2 female.
I repeat. one male. 2 female.
EVANS..
Put the kettle on.
Man: I’m Major Henry West.
Welcome.
Jim.
Hello. Jim.
Hello.
Well. we've got beds
with clean sheets...
and a boiler
that produces hot water...
so you can all have a shower.
You look like you need one.
Please.
[Sobs Softly]
[Soldiers Shouting]
It ain't funny.
I've got loads of cooking to do.
Soldier: You fucking Doris.
Please!
Second Soldier: Run him over!
I want to start cooking.
Jim. Whispering: How's she doing?
[Selena Laughs]
Well. she's lost her dad. Jim.
That's how she is.
It's all fucked.
What do you mean?
No. don't do that.
Don't do that. Don't—
Come on. come on. come on. come on.
[Sobs]
Hey. don't do that.
Look. Hannah is
what Frank said she is. okay?
She's tough. and she's strong...
and she'll cope
just like I'll cope...
and just like you'll cope.
I don't want her
to have to fucking cope.
I want her to be okay.
When Hannah had her dad.
it was okay.
It was okay for them.
and it was okay for us.
[Sniffs]
Now it's all just fucked.
[Sighs]
So you heard our broadcast?
Yeah. we did.
We must be a disappointment.
You were hoping
for a full brigade...
an army base with helicopters...
and a field hospital.
I was just hoping for—
The answer to infection.
Yeah.
Well. as I said before. it's here...
though it may not be
quite what you imagined.
Just feel very lucky
to have found you.
You were lucky.
The fire drove
hundreds of infected...
out of Manchester.
The surrounding area
is teeming with them.
But don't worry.
You're quite safe here.
West: Flat terrain
all around the house...
floodlights...
which we've rigged up
to a generator...
high perimeter wall. which helps...
and we've been lacing the ground...
with trip wires and land mines.
You wouldn't want to mow the lawn...
but if they get in. we hear them.
Secondary to protection...
our real job is to rebuild...
start again.
The belly of the house...
the heart.
A wood-fired boiler...
providing us with hot water...
the first step towards civilization.
The kitchen.
Soldier: Here. I'll swap you.
A bit of Kendal Mint Cake. right?
Well. wait.
Now. don't be throwing it.
Don't be—
Now. don't be fighting.
Will you put that back?
Put it back.
Jones. our resident tin-opener.
What are you cooking. Jones?
Surprise. sir.
I can't wait.
West: And lastly. meet Mailer.
[Screams]
[Mailer Chokes
On Chain]
West: Mailer. Jim.
Jim. Mailer.
[Mailer Screams]
Got infected 2 days ago.
Mitchell managed
to knock him out cold...
and we got a chain around his neck.
You're keeping him alive?
The idea was to learn
something about infection...
have him teach me.
And has he?
In a way.
[Mailer Screams]
West: He's telling me
he'll never bake bread...
plant crops...
raise livestock.
He's telling me he's future less...
and eventually...
he'll tell me how long
the infected take...
to starve to death.
[Mailer Breathing Heavily]
[Screams]
[Chain Snaps Tight]
[Locks Door]
[Soldier Bangs Table]
Soldier: ♪» Will there be chips
or jacket spuds?
3 Will there be salad
or frozen peas?
[Soldier Bangs Table]
♪ Will there be mushrooms? 2
♪ Fried onion rings? gt
Soldiers: ♪ You’ll have
to wait and see
< Hope it’s chips.
it’s chips ♪
< We hope it’s chips.
♪ We hope it’s chips—
[Soldiers Cheer]
[Applause]
West: Hat.
So...
what have we here?
Tinned ham. tinned peas...
tinned beans. and—
Soldier: Nice one. Doris.
Omelet.
You've prepared a feast. Jones.
Honor of our guests. sir.
Absolutely.
I was going to propose a toast...
but this omelet
will do just as well.
[Plate Clanks]
To new friends.
Soldiers: New friends.
Jones. did you notice
while cooking...
that these eggs were off?
I thought the salt
might cover the taste. sir.
Get rid of it.
[Forks Drop On Plates]
Soldier: Doris. you twat.
[Sighs]
I don't suppose
you can cook. can you?
I can't tell you
how badly we need...
someone with a little
flair in the kitchen.
What a fucking disappointment.
When I saw those eggs...
I thought it was Christmas.
We'll all have eggs again...
once everything's back to normal.
Oh. you muppet.
I mean. look at him. eh?
Look. he's still waiting...
for Marks and Spencer's to reopen.
[Soldiers Laugh]
Listen. mate.
you don't know nothing.
Soldier: Well. I think
Bell's got a point.
If you look at the whole
life of the planet...
WE...
you know. man...
has only been around
for a few blinks of an eye.
So if the infection
wipes us all out...
that is a return to normality.
[Chuckles]
That what you meant. Bell?
Yeah. yeah.
West: Have you. uh...
have you met our new-age sergeant?
[Soldiers Laugh]
Our spiritual guru.
Tell me. Farrell...
exactly why did you join the army...
in the first place?
This is what I've seen...
in the 4 weeks
since infection—
People killing people...
which is much what I saw...
in the 4 weeks before infection...
and the 4 weeks before that...
and before that.
As far back as I care to remember...
people killing people...
which. to my mind...
puts us in a state
of normality right now.
- [Man Grunting]
- [Footsteps]
You're not eating?
I don't want to eat.
You must eat. Hannah.
I want to bury my dad.
He's one of the people
you're talking about.
[Explosion]
Stand to! Stand to!
Soldier: Go! Go! Go! Go!
Farrell: Move it. men!
Farrell: Move! Move! Move!
Come on! Let's go!
Come on. move!
[Soldiers Shouting]
[Gunfire]
Farrell: Enemy front!
Bell: 2. 3—
Farrell: 6. 7. 8. 9.
[Bullets Whiz By]
[Explosion]
[Machine-Gun Fire]
[Screams]
Mitch. I fucking got one!
What do you want. a fucking sweetie?
Keep shooting. you cunt!
[Roars]
[Gurgles And Screams]
[Screams]
Fucking hell!
He bounced!
Cease fire!
I ain't ever seen that
in my fucking life!
Farrell: Front 4 clear?
Fucking hell!
- Clear!
Clear. yeah. clear.
Soldier: Good. weren't it. eh?
Hey. that was fucking marvelous.
[Soldiers Chatter]
[Chatter]
I'm telling you. fucking marvelous.
Oh. hello.
[Soldier Wolf Whistles]
Listen. sweetheart...
you ain't gonna
be needing this anymore.
Eh?
'Cause you got me
to protect you now.
Soldier: Go on. Mitch.
Goon.
You wanna get your hands
on a really big chopper...
well. you just come and see me.
Fuck you.
Soldier: Well.
that's an offer. Mitch.
Yeah. all right.
How about right now?
Mitchell!
Mitchell: Easy. tiger.
You don't want to go
picking a fight with me. son.
Sergeant Farrell!
[Mitchell Coughs]
Mitchell. first action on?
Resecure the perimeter. sir.
Then get to it.
Jones. Bedford. go with him.
[Softly]
Slow down.
Sergeant.
Sir.
Clear the bodies off the lawn.
The rest of you go with him.
My apologies.
Drink?
Jim: Look. we're grateful. okay?
We're very grateful
for your protection...
and just having
found other people...
but if we're gonna
stay here—
Who have you killed?
I haven't killed anyone.
Since it began. who have you killed?
You wouldn't be alive now...
if you hadn't killed somebody.
I killed. uh—
I killed a boy.
A child?
Yes.
But you had to.
Otherwise. he'd have killed you.
Survival.
I understand.
I promised them women.
What?
8 days ago. I found Jones...
with his gun in his mouth.
He said he was going
to kill himself...
because there was no future.
What could I say to him?
We fight off the infected...
or we wait until
they starve to death...
and then what?
What do 9 men do except
wait to die themselves?
I moved us from the blockade...
I set the radio broadcasting...
and I promised them women...
'cause women mean a future.
Selena?
Hannah?
What is it. Jim?
We have to go!
Jim. wait—
No time! Come on!
Come on!
Look. we get in the cab. and we go!
[Whack]
[Selena Screams]
Farrell: No! You're not
gonna keep 'em here!
You've got to let 'em go!
You cannot keep 'em here!
Stay where you are!
I'll fuckin' shoot you!
I"m not gonna let you keep "em here!
You can't do this!
Don't any of you move!
Mitchell: Get hold of him!
Get hold of him!
Bedford: I can't get hold of him!
Mitchell: Break his fingers.
Knock him out!
I want to give you a chance.
You can be with us...
but I can't let them go.
Okay. Jim?
Okay.
Him. too.
[Sobbing]
[Gun Cocks]
Farrell: Marge walks onto this ship.
Smithers says. “Women
and seamen don't mix”...
and Mr. Burns says...
“We all know
what you think. Smithers.”
And that was my favorite
ever joke in The Simpsons.
You see.
that's what they're doing...
a few hundred miles from
here across the channel...
a-across the Atlantic.
They're eatin' dinner...
and they're watchin'
The fuckin' Simpsons.
They're sleeping in their
beds next to their wives...
but we're here...
chained to a fuckin' radiator...
because the ♪.C.
has gone insane!
Starting the world again...
when the rest of the fucking
world hasn't even stopped.
Just imagine.
Just think about it.
How could infection
cross the oceans?
How could it cross the
mountains and the rivers?
They stopped it.
And right now TVs are playing...
and planes are flying in the sky...
and the rest of the world...
is continuing as fucking normal.
Think...
actually think about it.
What would you do with
a diseased little island?
They quarantined us.
There is no infection. It's
just people killing people.
He's insane!
[Door Opens]
Mitchell: Time to go.
Quarantine?
[Jim Breathing Heavily]
Ugh.
Please.
Believe me. I'm not interested.
You see. I'm gonna
have the black one...
and I'm gonna make her squeal.
Mitchell...
I swear to God it's
gonna end badly for you.
Move.
Come on.
Move! Get up!
Get up. you cunt!
Fucking move!
Get up!
Move your fucking ass!
Farrell: Come on. then.
you fucking pansies.
Do me first.
Mitchell: Maybe I won't.
Jones: Mitch. just use the gun.
Farrell: So. you're
gonna stick me. Mitchell...
is that it?
Jones: Mitchell. shoot him!
Mitchell: Why?
Because it's fucking quicker!
Farrell: Is that how
you're gonna let...
your sergeant go out. Jones?
I'll fuckin' shoot them. then.
No. you won't.
Farrell: You're gonna
let him stick me. are you...
like a fuckin' dog?
Mitchell: "m gonna enjoy this.
[Gunshots]
Mitchell: Aaaah!
You stupid cunt!
What are you doing?
What. you wanna shoot me. do you?
You wanna fuckin' shoot me?
I'll fuckin' kill you.
you little cunt!
Look! Where's he fuckin' gone?
Mitchell: Fuck it!
Get up!
Get after him!
Jones. move!
Jones!
Move left!
Jones: I don't see him..
I don't see him!
Mitchell: Where are you?
[Heavy Breathing]
Jones: Where is he?
[Gunshots]
Mitchell: Okay. get back!
Jones: Where is he?
Jones. can you see him?
Jones: Through there!
Spray him!
[Gasps]
Oh. no...
we're fucked.
We're fucked!
Relax.
He's over the wall.
He's got no vehicle...
and no shooter.
He's dead.
[Heavy Breathing]
[Thunder Rumbles]
Ugh!
[Heavy Breathing]
West: Now. the first thing
we're going do...
is make you look
a little more presentable.
It so happens that
the lady of the house...
has an extensive wardrobe...
which she certainly has no use for.
Hannah. Crying: No!
Selena: You can't do it to Hannah.
Go to the master bedroom.
Pick out a wide selection.
Yes. sir.
[Crying]
No.
Mitchell: Ladies.
Soldier: Come on.
It's only dressing up.
Bedford: I thought girls
liked dressing up.
Expensive dresses.
these are. Come on.
Soldier: Relax yourself.
Hannah: Selena!
[Chuckles]
Bell: Go on. Cliff.
Hannah: Selena!
Selena!
Bedford: Go on. son.
You need to leave me
alone with Hannah.
Okay?
Listen. right.
the ♪.C.. he wants—
Yeah. he wants us to dress up nice.
If you want us to get changed...
you have to leave the room.
Okay?
[Hannah
Grunts]
It's just polite.
[Soldier Chuckles]
Yeah. yeah. all right.
All right.
Come on. lads.
Let's leave the room.
[Whimpering]
[Door Closes]
Okay...
you're gonna eat these.
Hannah. Okay?
Come on. You eat these.
Eat these.
Are you trying to kill me?
No. sweetheart.
'M making you not care. Okay?
[Door Opens]
Cliff. What the fuck are you doing?
[Screams]
[Air-Raid Siren]
Soldier: Someone's at the blockade!
Jim!
Soldier;: Come on. move!
Cliff: Stay here
and put the dresses on.
Soldier: Well. let's go! Go!
Jones: He went over the wall.
We thought he'd be dead. sir.
West: Shut up. Jones!
Stay here!
[Air-Raid Siren]
[Gunshots]
Ugh!
Davis?
[Engine Fails]
Fuck it!
[Shrieks]
[Gunshots]
[Thunder]
[Growling]
[Yelling]
What was that?
Mitchell: Lightning.
I heard something.
It sounded like a claymore to me.
All right.
I'll go and hit the floods.
take a butcher's.
Girls...
keep an eye on him. will you?
Those pills...
I think they're having an effect.
I can feel them...
and...
I don't feel sleepy...
but—
They've been a long time.
What are you gonna do
if they don't come back?
Would you be the officer
if Henry is dead?
[Laughing]
Is that the way it works?
Shut up.
I don't think they are coming back.
I think they've been killed.
I said shut up!
Hannah.
They're dead...
and you're gonna be next.
[Thunder]
[Screaming]
Selena: Get up!
Cliff: God!
Selena: We're gonna get out of here.
Stay with it. Hannah.
Stay with it.
Don't worry.
I feel fine. Really.
Get him off me!
It's jammed!
Aah!
[Door Shuts]
[Growling]
Oi!
Where the fuck are you going. eh?
What's all the fuckin'
shoutin' about?
[Screaming]
[Snarling]
Well. don't just stand
there. you soppy cunt!
Get after 'em!
You two. in the house. Move!
[Growling]
Come on. then.
What the fuck are you gonna do now?
- [Growling]
- Clifton!
[Screams]
[Screaming]
Come on. up! Up!
Corp.
Corp!
Corp—
Mitchell: Defend these stairs
with your fucking life!
Selena: Hannah!
Mailer's loose.
[Muffled Breathing]
Ugh!
[Gasps]
[Roar]
[Jones's Body Hits Ground]
[Growling]
[Snarling]
[Jones Whimpers]
Sorry.
Shh. soldier.
Shh.
Hannah?
[Roar]
[Snarling]
[Growling]
Hannah?
Selena?
I haven't got any bullets.
I haven't got any fucking bullets!
[Growling]
Don't fuckin' leave me!
[Screaming]
[Choking]
Mitchell: Move! Move!
Mitchell: Come on!
Move!
[Heavy Breathing]
It's just you and me now. darling...
but don't worry.
'M gonna get you out of here..
Then we're gonna find
a nice little...
fucking place somewhere.
Just you and me...
and we'll live
happily ever after. eh?
I just need a moment. all right?
I just need time to fucking think.
Aaaah!
[Screaming]
[Grunting]
[Mitchell Screaming]
[Heavy Breathing]
That was longer than a heartbeat.
Jim?
Listen...
Listen. all right.
It's not all fucked.
We're gonna be okay.
We've got a chance.
- I've seen it.
- Shut up.
It's gonna be okay.
- Yeah.
- It's gonna be okay.
Ugh!
Hannah. it's okay!
He's not infected.
But I thought he was biting you.
I was kissing her!
Are you stoned?
It's a long story.
[Roaring]
We have to get out of here. Come on.
Selena; Come on. move!
You killed all my boys.
Wait.
[Gun Cocks And Fires]
Selena: Hannah!
Hannah.
Hannah!
[Tires Screeching]
[Screaming]
West: No!
No! No! Ah. no!
[Screaming]
Get in.
West: Aaaaah!
West; Aaaah.
Aaaah!
Aaaaaaah!
[Growling]
They're locked.
The gates are locked!
Just fuckin' do it!
[Seat Belt Clicks In]
[Screams]
Come on. Jim.
Breathe!
Fucking breathe!
[Sighs]
[Deep Exhale]
Oh. not the curtains as well.
[Sighs]
[Radio Static]
[Indistinct Radio Chatter]
[Sewing Machine Running]
You looked all right
in this. you know.
It's coming!
[Indistinct Radio Chatter]
Jim: You definitely
heard it. Hannah?
Yes.
I can't hear anything.
I told you. I heard it.
Go!
[Indistinct Radio Chatter]
Man On Radio:
Lads. let's get a helicopter in.
Do you think he saw us this time?
20 [Pop: Woman Singing]
♪♪ [Continues]
♪ [Continues]
♪♪ [Ends]